ECG Simulation test (WIN 32 bit)

Overview:

This program tests the user in idenfitying 27 common
arrythmias. 25 test questions are regular questions,
worth 4% of the total score, and 2 questions are extra-
credit questions worth 2% of the total score. The 
Arrthmias are presented as a six-second V2 lead static
EcG strip.

Interface:

From the main screen you may choose to begin the test 
by clicking the start button, The "about" button to view
the program's credit and copyright information, or the 
Exit button to exit the program. It is important to USE
THE EXIT BUTTON PROViDED, as closing the window will
only minimise the program as a background task, and you
will have to kill the program using the taskmanager.

The questions are presented as multiple-choice raido 
buttons. click the correct radio button (A, B, or C)
and then click next to proceed to the next question.
After clicking next you will NOT have the option to 
return to previous questions. You also will not be able
to properly exit the program once the test has begun. 

After the last question, you will be forwared to the 
scoring screen. Click the Score button, and your score
(as a per cent) will be displayed in a pop-up box. 
click the New button to take the test again. Click exit
to exit the program. 

 